To generate Sphinx-compatible reStructuredText (RST) for the given `pom.xml` source code chunk, you can include the XML in a code block section within the RST document. Here's how you can format it:

```rst
File: pom.xml
==============

.. code-block:: xml

    <project xmlns="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
      xsi:schemaLocation="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0 http://maven.apache.org/maven-v4_0_0.xsd">
      <modelVersion>4.0.0</modelVersion>
      <groupId>com.github</groupId>
      <artifactId>egitdemo</artifactId>
      <packaging>jar</packaging>
      <version>1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
      <name>egitdemo</name>
      <url>http://maven.apache.org</url>
      <dependencies>
        <dependency>
          <groupId>junit</groupId>
          <artifactId>junit</artifactId>
          <version>3.8.1</version>
          <scope>test</scope>
        </dependency>
      </dependencies>
    </project>
```

In this RST snippet:

- The file name is given as a heading underlined with `=` symbols to denote its importance and hierarchy.
- The code block is marked with `.. code-block:: xml` to ensure that Sphinx interprets the content as XML code, providing proper syntax highlighting and formatting. 
- The XML content is indented uniformly to maintain proper structure within the code block.

.. raw:: html

   <hr>

To generate Sphinx-compatible RST (reStructuredText) for your given source code chunk in `resources/labels.properties`, you can use the `literalinclude` directive to include the code snippet in your documentation. Below is the RST format for the provided code (part 2/5):

```rst
File: `resources/labels.properties`
------------------------------------

The following properties file contains key-value pairs used for application labels and messages:

.. literalinclude:: resources/labels.properties
   :language: properties
   :lines: 1-4
```

### Explanation:
- **File Section**: The document is introduced with the file name, giving context about the source code being discussed.
- **Description**: This provides a brief description of what's contained in the file.
- **`.. literalinclude::` Directive**: This is used to include the actual content of the source file in the documentation.
  - **`:language: properties`**: Specifies the language for syntax highlighting.
  - **`:lines: 1-4`**: Includes the specified line range of the file for this particular snippet (assuming the second part represents lines 1-4).

Ensure your file path within the `literalinclude` directive accurately reflects the structure of your project when using Sphinx to generate the documentation. Adjust the `:lines:` option as necessary for your specific document sectioning and contents.

.. raw:: html

   <hr>

To generate Sphinx-compatible reStructuredText (RST) documentation for the provided Groovy source code in part 3/5, you can structure it as follows:

```rst
.. _main_groovy:

Main.groovy
===========

This section documents the `Main.groovy` file, showcasing basic arithmetic operations using imported static methods.

.. code-block:: groovy

   import static Square.square
   import static Division.divide
   import static Subtract.subtract
   import static Sum.sum

   def name = "Matthew"
   int programmingPoints = 10

   println "Hello ${name}"
   println "${name} has at least ${programmingPoints} programming points."
   println "${programmingPoints} squared is ${square(programmingPoints)}"
   println "${programmingPoints} divided by 2 bonus points is ${divide(programmingPoints, 2)}"
   println "${programmingPoints} minus 7 bonus points is ${subtract(programmingPoints, 7)}"
   println "${programmingPoints} plus 3 bonus points is ${sum(programmingPoints, 3)}"

Description
-----------

This Groovy script performs the following operations:
- Outputs a welcome message with a user name.
- Displays the user's current `programmingPoints`.
- Calculates and displays:
  
  - The square of `programmingPoints` using the `square` function.
  - The result of dividing `programmingPoints` by 2 using the `divide` function.
  - The result of subtracting 7 from `programmingPoints` using the `subtract` function.
  - The result of adding 3 to `programmingPoints` using the `sum` function.

Each operation demonstrates using static methods imported from their respective modules to manipulate the `programmingPoints` variable.
```

This RST file provides a clear structure suitable for Sphinx documentation, including both the code itself and a description of what the code does.

.. raw:: html

   <hr>

To generate Sphinx-compatible reStructuredText (RST) documentation for the provided Groovy source code, you can create a `.rst` document that includes the code and any necessary explanations or context. Here’s an example of how you might document the `square` method using RST:

```rst
Square.groovy
=============

This section describes the `square` method found in the `Square.groovy` file.

Method Summary
--------------

.. code-block:: groovy

    static int square(int base)

Description
-----------

The `square` method takes an integer `base` as a parameter and returns its square. It is a static method that can be called without creating an instance of the class.

Parameters
----------

- **base** (int): The number to be squared.

Returns
-------

- **int**: The square of the input number `base`.

Example
-------

Here's an example of how to use the `square` method in a Groovy program:

.. code-block:: groovy

    def result = Square.square(5)
    println("The square of 5 is: $result")

The above code will output:

.. code-block:: text

    The square of 5 is: 25
```

This documentation includes a description of the method, its parameters, return value, and an example of usage. It uses `code-block` directives to format the Groovy code within the RST document.

.. raw:: html

   <hr>

Below is the Sphinx-compatible reStructuredText (RST) documentation for the provided Groovy source code. Please ensure that you have separated the source code into recognizable chunks and provided the specific portion relevant for part 5.

```rst
.. _module-src-Subtract:

src/Subtract.groovy
===================

.. function:: subtract(val1, val2)

   Subtracts the second integer from the first.

   :param int val1: The first integer value.
   :param int val2: The second integer value to be subtracted from the first.
   :returns: The result of the subtraction of ``val2`` from ``val1``.
   :rtype: int

   Example usage:

   .. code-block:: groovy

      int result = subtract(10, 5)
      // result is 5
```

This RST documentation snippet assumes the function is straightforward, and it's meant to be integrated with other parts to form a complete document. Replace any placeholders or section titles if needed with context from other parts of your program.