```rst
.. _pom_xml:

=========================
Maven Project Object Model
=========================

The following XML content is the `pom.xml` file, which is essential for configuring a Maven project. It defines the project details and dependencies.

.. literalinclude:: /path/to/your/source/pom.xml
   :language: xml
   :lines: 2-27
``` 

To ensure correct syntax highlighting and linking, replace `/path/to/your/source/pom.xml` with the actual path where the `pom.xml` file resides in your project structure. Adjust the line numbers in the `:lines:` option as necessary to fit your file's context.

.. raw:: html

   <hr>

To generate Sphinx-compatible RST documentation for the given source code chunk from `resources/labels.properties`, you can create a reStructuredText (RST) document with code directives and some explanatory text. Below is an example of how you might document this file:

```rst
===========
Properties
===========

This section describes the key-value pairs defined in the `labels.properties` file for internationalization and localization purposes. Each key represents a unique string identifier, and each value is the corresponding text shown to the user.

File: `resources/labels.properties`
-----------------------------------

.. code-block:: properties

    app.title=Our App
    app.welcome=Welcome to the application
    app.goodbye=We hope you enjoyed using our application
    cli.usage=This application doesn't use a command line interface

Key Descriptions
----------------

- **app.title**: The title of the application, displayed prominently in the user interface.

- **app.welcome**: A friendly welcome message shown to users opening the application.

- **app.goodbye**: A farewell message intended to provide a cordial closing statement when users exit the application.

- **cli.usage**: Indicates that this application lacks a command line interface, guiding users that such features are unavailable.
```

This documentation explains each key-value pair in the given properties file, providing context and usage information in a format that is compatible with Sphinx.

.. raw:: html

   <hr>

Below is the Sphinx-compatible reStructuredText (RST) for the provided Groovy code in `src/Main.groovy`:

```rst
.. _main-groovy:

Main.groovy
===========

The following Groovy script demonstrates basic arithmetic operations using custom static methods for square, divide, subtract, and sum functions. It features a simple program that outputs personalized messages and calculates various arithmetic operations on a variable called `programmingPoints`.

.. code-block:: groovy

    import static Square.square
    import static Division.divide
    import static Subtract.subtract
    import static Sum.sum

    def name = "Matthew"
    int programmingPoints = 10

    println "Hello ${name}"
    println "${name} has at least ${programmingPoints} programming points."
    println "${programmingPoints} squared is ${square(programmingPoints)}"
    println "${programmingPoints} divided by 2 bonus points is ${divide(programmingPoints, 2)}"
    println "${programmingPoints} minus 7 bonus points is ${subtract(programmingPoints, 7)}"
    println "${programmingPoints} plus 3 bonus points is ${sum(programmingPoints, 3)}"
```

This RST snippet includes a detailed description and a code block formatted to highlight the Groovy programming code in a Sphinx documentation system.

.. raw:: html

   <hr>

To generate Sphinx-compatible reStructuredText (RST) documentation for the provided Groovy source code, you will need to include both the code itself and any relevant documentation. This documentation might include a brief explanation of the function, its parameters, return values, etc. Here's an example of how you might structure the RST document:

```rst
Square Function
===============

This section documents the `square` function from the ``src/Square.groovy`` file. The `square` function calculates the square of a given integer.

.. literalinclude:: /path/to/src/Square.groovy
   :language: groovy
   :lines: 1-3

Function Overview
-----------------

.. function:: static int square(int base)

   Computes the square of the specified integer.

   :param base: The integer to be squared.
   :type base: int
   :return: The square of the input integer ``base``.
   :rtype: int
  
   **Example**

   ::

       int result = square(5)  // result is 25
```

**Explanation:**

- **Title and Introduction:** A heading is provided to introduce the function documentation.

- **Code Inclusion:** The `.. literalinclude::` directive is used to include the actual source code. Replace `/path/to/src/Square.groovy` with the actual path to your Groovy file. This includes lines 1-3 from the file.

- **Function Documentation:** The `.. function::` directive documents the `square` function, including its parameters and return type.

- **Parameter and Return Annotations:** `:param`, `:type`, `:return`, and `:rtype` fields are used to describe the function's interface and behavior.

- **Example Usage:** An example of the function's usage is provided in a code block to illustrate how the function might be used in practice.

Make sure to adjust the file path in the `.. literalinclude::` directive to point to the correct location of your Groovy source file.

.. raw:: html

   <hr>

To create Sphinx-compatible reStructuredText (RST) documentation for the provided Groovy source code, you can follow this structure:

```rst
Subtraction Function
====================

The static `subtract` function takes two integers as input and returns their difference.

Source Code
-----------

.. code-block:: groovy

    static int subtract(int val1, val2) {
        val1 - val2
    }

Parameters
----------

- **val1**: *int*
  
  The first integer value to subtract from.

- **val2**: *int*
  
  The second integer value that will be subtracted.

Returns
-------

- **int**

  The result of subtracting `val2` from `val1`.
```

This is a basic example of how to create documentation for the provided Groovy code in reStructuredText that can be consumed by Sphinx. You might need to adjust this template according to the specific documentation standards or additional content required by your project.

.. raw:: html

   <hr>

To document the provided Groovy code using Sphinx in reStructuredText (RST) format, you can create a .rst file with a code block and a brief explanation of the method. Below is an example of how you might write the RST for this specific source code:

```rst
.. _sum_function:

Sum Function
============

This section documents the `sum` function found in the `Sum.groovy` file.

.. code-block:: groovy

    static int sum(int val1, val2) {
        val1 + val2
    }

Description
-----------

The `sum` function is a static method that takes two integer arguments and returns their sum. It is defined as part of the `Sum.groovy` source file. 

Parameters
----------

- `val1`: The first integer value.
- `val2`: The second integer value.

Returns
-------

- An integer representing the sum of `val1` and `val2`.

Example
-------

To use the `sum` function, you can call it with two integer values like so:

.. code-block:: groovy

    int result = sum(5, 10)
    // result is 15
```

This RST code provides a structured way to document the `sum` function, including its purpose, parameters, return value, and an example of how to use it. This documentation will be compatible with Sphinx, a documentation generator.

.. raw:: html

   <hr>

To document the provided Java source code using Sphinx-compatible reStructuredText (RST), you can include the code using either `code-block` directives or by writing comprehensive documentation. Below is an example that reflects the structure and comments of the code in RST format:

```rst
.. _app:

App.java
========

This module is part of the ``com.github`` package and contains the main entry point for the application.

.. code-block:: java

    package com.github;

    /**
     * Hello again
     * Hello world!
     * Hello
     */
    public class App 
    {
        public static void main( String[] args )
        {
            // Comment
            System.out.println( "Hello World!" );
        }
    }

.. note::

    - This is part 7 of an 8-part code base.
    - It defines a simple application that outputs "Hello World!" to the console.
```

### Explanation:
- `.. _app:`: This is an internal reference label for linking within other RST documents.
- `App.java`: This is the title of the section.
- The docstring-style comment in the Java code (`/** ... */`) and inline comment are preserved to document the functionality and purpose of the code.
- `.. code-block:: java`: This directive specifies that the following block is Java code and will be syntax-highlighted accordingly.
- The `.. note::` directive can be used to give additional information that might be relevant to the developer or user looking at the documentation. Adjust or expand upon this depending on any extra context or future parts of the documentation.

.. raw:: html

   <hr>

Below is the Sphinx-compatible reStructuredText (RST) documentation for the provided Java source code. This RST content is suitable for integrating into Sphinx documentation for your Java project.

```rst
.. _apptest:

AppTest.java
============

The `AppTest.java` file contains the unit tests for the `App` class. This test class uses the JUnit framework to perform basic assertions and test suite creation.

.. code-block:: java

    package com.github;

    import junit.framework.Test;
    import junit.framework.TestCase;
    import junit.framework.TestSuite;

    //Pending comments

    //Some comments on the master branch
    //Added some comments on the branch for the egit demo

    /**
     * Unit test for simple App.
     */
    public class AppTest 
        extends TestCase
    {
        /**
         * Create the test case
         *
         * @param testName name of the test case
         */
        public AppTest( String testName )
        {
            super( testName );
        }

        /**
         * @return the suite of tests being tested
         */
        public static Test suite()
        {
            return new TestSuite( AppTest.class );
        }

        /**
         * Rigourous Test :-)
         */
        public void testApp()
        {
            assertTrue( true );
        }
    }

Class Overview
--------------

The `AppTest` class extends the `TestCase` class from the JUnit framework. It creates a test case with a specified name and includes a method to build a suite of tests.

Class Details
-------------

- **Constructor**: `AppTest(String testName)` - Initializes a new instance of `AppTest` with the provided test case name.

- **Methods**:
  
  - `suite()`: A static method that returns a suite containing the tests present in this class.

  - `testApp()`: A simple test method that asserts `true`, verifying that the test environment is correctly set up.

Package
-------

This class belongs to the `com.github` package, which organizes related classes in this project.

Usage
-----

To execute the test cases defined in this class, you should integrate this file with a JUnit-compatible test runner, allowing it to automatically discover and execute the tests.
```

This RST document provides a clear and organized overview of the `AppTest.java` file for integration with Sphinx documentation, explaining the class and its methods in detail.